CrateDB Edge monitoring tutorial (#92)
crate/cloud-getting-started: docs/edge/index.rst

In these tutorials, we first introduce the signup and configuration process for
a local Kubernetes installation. Next, we explain the process end-to-end for
using AKS and EKS services. After that, we outline the installation method for
some lightweight Kubernetes distributions, like K3s and Microk8s.

> We also introduce a way to monitor you CrateDB Edge cluster in a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also introduce a way to monitor your CrateDB Edge cluster in the
```

>the visualization tool Grafana
 or 
> a visualization tool **like** Grafana`
